Q: What is the default branch of a git repository called?
A: master

Q: How do you change branches using git?
A: git checkout checkout <branch>

Q: What is the command that allows you to create a local repository from a remote repository?
A: git clone URL 

Q: How do you check the status of the working directory of the local repository?
A: git status

Q: What sequence of commands allows me to share new changes in a local repository with an (already configured) remote repository?
A: git add, git commit

Q: What is the value of the expression (true && false)?
A: boolean

Q: How can you write `i = i + 1` more concisely?
A:i++

Q: What does the term "concatenation" mean?
A: verknüpfen

Q: Why is the check for "equals" with (object == object) not reliable? What should you use for check of equal objects?
A: testet die Identität nicht Gleichheit, daher objekt1.equals(objekt2)

Q: What Collection implementation is ordered, but not sorted?
A: ArrayList?!

Q: What Collection implementation has only unique elements?
A: TreeSet

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of an array named "students"?
A: students.length();

Q: How can we find out the number of elements of a list named "students"?
A: students.size();

Q: In Java, what happens if I divide by Zero (eg. 8 / 0)?
A: infinity

Q: How can you check if File quiz = new File("quiz.txt") exists?
A: exists();

Q: Depending on some attributes, an object should return isAllowed(). Should the method be static or not, why?
A: static??? wegen dem return???

Q: What is the signature of the `main` method of a class?
A: public static void main (String [] args)

Q: What is an instance of a class?
A: Ein Object welches mit Hilfe einer Klasse erstellt wird

Q: Which naming rule should you apply to the naming of a class?
A: CamelCase

Q: Why should the usage of java.util.Date be avoided?
A: Um genauen Zeitpunkt anzugeben (mit Millisekunden)

Q: What Java class do you use to store the Date "31.10.2021"?
A: Date class 

Q: What is the advantage of using Generics?
A: ermöglicht dieselbe Methode für Integer-, Double oder STring-Arrays, keien individuelle Typumwandlung erforderlich
